Note on - Behavious of tracks

Track - Tabla and Pakhawaj
(These tracks are exactly same in terms of the funcationality and behaviour)

2. User will select taal from list (Taal is the list of subfolder in tabla folder) we have to load eligible files from the subfolder selected by user.
3. eligible files are files from user selected folder having global pitch and global tempo matching in scale and tempo range respectively.
4. In Tabla and Pakhawaj we have only 1 playlist. we will load all eligible files to the play list. eligible file selection on the basis of scale range and tempo range as explained above.
5. Pitch applicability : Global only (apply pitch value to playlist calculated as difference between original scale and global scale)
6. Tempo applicability : Global only (apply tempo value to playlist calculated as % between original tempo and global tempo)
7. User can select or deselect files within selected eligible files.
8. User can set shuffle on/off
9. user can mute the track
10. user can control the volume
11. Playlist plays in loop continuous


Track - Tanpura 1 & 2
(These tracks are exactly same in terms of functionality and behaviour)

1. We have 4 playlist here. Each playlist will have 1 file. 
2. Pitch applicability - None - Pitch value will be 0 always here (meaning original audio scale will be played)
3. Tempo applicability - None - Tempo value will be 100% always here (meaning original tempo will be played)
4. Playlist 4:  Load 3rd ocatave note same as global pitch selected by user (except for B where load 2nd ocatve B2)
5. Playlist 3:  Load 4th ocatave note same as global pitch selected by user (except for B where load 3rd octave B3)
6. Playlist 2:  Load 4th ocatave note same as global pitch selected by user (except for B where load 3rd octave B3)
7. Playlist 1 : Load (playlist3 noten number minus 5) note
8. Playlist 1 and 2 note can be manually changed by the user from entire list to any note (from B2 - B4).
9. user can mute the track
10. user can control the volume
11. User will input local BPM here which is only to be used to calculate time gap between play of 2 playlist. Please note here, that this is not going to effect playing of the note itself. Local BPM Value validation 30BPM to 150BPM.
11. we have to put timegap equal to 60000/LocalBPM miliseconds between play of playlist 2&1, 3&2 and 4&3. We have to put timegap equal to 60000/LocalBPM*2 miliseconds between 4&1. This sequence keeps on playing in loops.
12. playlist 1-4 plays in loop continuous as per above working method.


Track - Swarmandal

1. User selects raag (raag here is subfolder list in swarmandal folder) we have to load eigible file from the user selected subfolder
2. eligible files are files from user selected folder having global pitch matching in scale range. (no tempo range applicable to swarmandal)
3. Pitch applicability : Global pitch (apply pitch value to playlist calculated as difference between original scale and global scale)
4. Tempo applicability : None (meaning tempo value will be 100% which means it will alwyas play audio in original speed)
5. Here we have only 1 playlist. here we have to load one eligible file at a time. Play it and then load next file replacing the first. the Next time the playlist will play will be after user defined timegap.
6. User will define timegap in 2 options. Option 1 fixed time gap where user will specify fixed timegap in seconds that should be placed in between playing 2 files. Option 2 Random time gap where user will define min timegap and maximum timegap and timegap will be any random number that will be generated everytime on file play is completed.
8. User can set shuffle on/off. Default off. If off then files loaded to plyalist will be in sequence. if on then files loaded to playlist will be any random from eligible files.
9. user can mute the track
10. user can control the volume

Track - metronome
(This track is dependent on tabla track subfolder)

1. Here we will have 1 playlist which will load only 1 file and play in loop. 
2. Eligible file will be metronome file in tabla folder for gobal tempo falling in tempo range of file.
3. file plays in loop.
4. user can mute the track
5. user can control the volume